{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red71\green71\blue71;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c34902\c34902\c34902;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7920\viewh19620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Frequently asked questions
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 This is a collection of answers to questions that were previously asked by users of the app. Please read through these and try to troubleshoot before you contact the support.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 How do I delete a flight or trip?\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
Simply tap on the \'93Edit\'94 button after you expanded the trip in which you want to delete something. You have the option to delete the whole trip or a single flight. Alternatively you can also swipe the flight you want to delete, just like you would do with an email. If the flight you deleted is the last one in the trip, the trip will automatically be deleted as well.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Can I save my booking reference?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Yes! Simply tap the flight in your trip that you want to add a booking references to. You will then see an \'93Edit\'94 button in the lower right hand corner which lets you type your reference number. After you saved it you can always copy it with a single tap. If you use TripIt your booking references will be filled in automatically. 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \
\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 I didn\'92t get notifications for my flight?\

\fs28  
\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 In order to receive notifications you have to make sure that background fetch is enabled. Which is not the case if you are in Low Power Mode. Furthermore the app has to stay in the background, meaning you must not swipe it up from the multitasking switcher after exiting FlightStatus. Additionally you have to make sure that you allowed FlightStatus to send you notifications. You should get a notification 90 minutes before your flight, this is a good way of seeing if everything works. Other notifications will be periodically as new data becomes available. 
\fs32 \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 I don\'92t see my newest TripIt flights?
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \'a0
\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 The app will always update with your TripIt account whenever it is opened, including coming from background. If you are impatient or this does not seem to work you can always tap the button in the settings screen to refresh the data. However if you modified the trip on TripIt, after adding it to FlightStatus, you will have to delete it from FlightStatus first before the new data is fetched. This is to prevent duplicate trips from showing up. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 My departure airport is not listed?\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
I heavily rely on the three letter codes for airports. So make sure you typed them exactly as they appear on your tickets. If it still says \'93Not found\'94 and prevents you from searching your flight, please contact me and I\'92ll make sure that airport is in the database. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 I have a suggestion or question not listed
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
I always welcome feedback and am happy to answer your questions. Please use the contact form to get in touch with me, and I\'92ll do my best to help you. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}